In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl,
with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I've got a secret.
♪ Miraculous,
simply the best
♪ Up to the test
♪ when things go wrong
♪ Miraculous, the luckiest
♪ The power of love
always so strong
♪ Miraculous
♪ Miraculous ♪
Mmm. Everything
smells delicious, Mrs Césaire.
Marinette! Call me Marlena!
You'll let me know
how you like my colombo, OK?
(Gasps) Hide, Trixx. Alya,
nobody can know about Trixx.
He's a secret!
Really?
Exactly why is he
such a secret, Ladybug?
Ladybug?
Why are you calling me Ladybug?
I'm not Ladybug, I'm Marinette,
just a normal girl
with a normal life!
Ha! Marinette, everyone knows
that you're Ladybug!
To think you've lectured
us about, "Blah-blah,
you must keep
your identity a secret,
or I can't give you
a Miraculous!"
I'd have made
a much better Ladybug.
Talk about a ridiculous
Guardian!
Utterly ridiculous!
What is she doing
here at your house?
- (Knock on door)
- Thanks for showing up,
Shadow Moth!
I'm the one grateful to you
for revealing
Ladybug's identity.
Thanks to you,
the Miracle Box is finally mine.
Alya? This is impossible!
Tikki, spots on!
- Tikki?
- Why did you trust Alya?
Look on the bright side.
Now we're done with secrets,
we can tie the knot!
This is... a nightmare!
If you want this to stop,
all you have to do
is give me your Miraculous!
This is what you get
for leaving me with Alya.
Aaah! Tikki!
I should have never left
the Fox Miraculous with Alya!
What are you talking about,
Marinette?
I had a nightmare!
It was horrible!
Alya spoke out and Shadow Moth
got hold of the Miracle Box!
- Phew!
- It was just a bad dream.
That would never really happen.
Alya is a loyal friend.
Alya is, but her kwami, Trixx,
can't help making mischief
- whenever he can roam!
- The Loch Ness Monster illusion
- was kind of fun, wasn't it?
- It was a prophetic nightmare!
I can't leave
the Miraculous with Alya!
Marinette! Wait!
Marinette, it's lunchtime
and you're still --
In my pajamas? I know, I...
I just need to drop by Alya's.
There's this thing I need back!
Where did that thing go?
Come on! Nora?
If I find him, he'd better be
ready for a roundhouse kick!
First one who finds the squishy
gets to keep it!
- Yeah!
- I can't believe this.
It's like the little monster can
go through walls or something.
Everyone knows?
You... you told them?
Well, I had to,
since I lost him!
Imagine if someone came across
him, or worse, if he escaped?
- You lost him?
- Yeah, so?
Everybody
loses things sometimes.
Help me look
instead of lecturing me!
Stay for lunch. Let me know
how you like my colombo, OK?
Aaah! A tarantula!
(Laughs)
Everyone can stop looking!
- Marinette found Hannibal!
- Phew!
He got his legs working again!
Tomorrow,
it's back to the zoo, buddy!
Is it OK to come out now?
Ha, ha! You flyweight!
Cappie was scared of the spider,
just like you, Baguette!
Nah, I wasn't scared. I went
into the bathroom to make sure
Hannibal
hadn't fallen into the toilet.
Why are you here
in your pajamas?
Cute look, Marinette. So, are
you here for anything specific?
Oh! Ha, ha! No,
it's cool, nothing specific!
Especially now I've seen
you've found the tarantula.
I'm so relieved it wasn't
something else that you'd lost.
Ah! I know what "thing"
you're talking about!
FYI, when someone trusts me
with a thing, I don't lose it.
(Laughing) Look who's talking!
You're the one
who just lost Hannibal!
Can we chat for a sec?
Sorry, Nino. This is
between Marinette and me.
Aaah!
(Embarrassed laugh)
I swear, it was so lifelike!
It was just a nightmare.
Everyone knew that I was...
you know who... you know?
- (Phone rings)
- Aaah!
Chill out. Everything's cool.
OK! We know Shadow Moth has
identified some of the holders.
He knows you've been Rena Rouge.
What if he found out
I left the Miraculous with you?
- He could steal it from you!
- Shadow Moth or anybody else
- will never know!
- (Phone rings)
- Not even Cat Noir can.
- No one's gonna find this.
And thanks to this very hip bag
my BFF gave me,
Trixx is always with me,
outta sight!
Trixx, promise you're not gonna
make any mischief,
like popping up at the table
during lunch?
As silent as fennecs
and wily as foxes.
I told you
everything is all right.
I was silly to worry.
You're right.
Trust me, and trust yourself.
You were right
to give me a Mirac --
Seriously? Hello?
Why isn't anybody getting that?
(Phone continues to ring)
Hey, where'd you guys all go?
Is this some kind of joke?
- Hello?
- Rena Rouge, I am Shadow Moth.
- Aaah!
- Marinette!
- Alya!
- Marinette! No!
Alya, be careful!
Nino! Seriously, don't tell me
you got akumatized into Bubbler
again just 'cause
I didn't let you in my room!
I'm not Nino.
I am... the Sentibubbler!
Nino is with your family,
all prisoners!
ALL: Help! Help!
Hey, you, keep those hairy legs
away from me, OK?
Don't panic, the beetle
and Mr Whiskers will save us!
(Phone rings)
You've probably realized by now
that you'll have to obey me
if you want to see
your loved ones again.
What do you want, Shadow Moth?
I want you to betray Ladybug!
This is worse than a nightmare!
I can't transform
or everyone will see me!
Alya will figure something out.
That's why
you left her a Miraculous.
I must tell her the villain
is probably a Sentimonster.
Rena Rouge has to warn Cat Noir
that he must not cataclysm him,
or it will get out of control
and our bubbles could pop out!
(Buzzing)
- No!
- The only people you will
be able to communicate
with now, Alya,
are me and my Sentimonster.
Why isn't she answering?
(Buzzing)
- Oh, no.
- Trust Alya, Marinette.
- She's never let you down.
- You're right.
Besides, I'm sure Cat Noir
will show up soon.
These bubbles have been
floating for five minutes
and still no superhero
in sight.
This cheese
isn't runny enough yet!
Yes, Nadja.
And no villain either!
These bubbles
are identical
to the ones created
by The Bubbler,
yet in one of them
is Nino Lahiffe,
the student
who was originally
akumatized
as the Bubbler!
Keep your distance.
Don't take risks
till Ladybug
and Cat Noir arrive.
- Nino, Marinette. Plagg!
- Well, good.
By the time we're back, maybe
this cheese will be edible!
Plagg, claws out!
Listen carefully.
Ladybug will be
here any minute.
And since
it's your family and friends,
Ladybug
will ask you to help her
and hand you
the Fox Miraculous.
Once she's given it to you,
the Sentibubbler,
who'll be hiding nearby,
will capture Ladybug.
Cat Noir will come to save her!
No, he won't even know
she's been captured.
Because you'll
transform into Rena Rouge
and create an illusion
of Ladybug and Rena Rouge
to distract Cat Noir.
Thinking he's joined
his fellow heroes,
he won't notice
the Sentibubbler.
And you'll give me
your Miraculous.
It is only then,
when the three Miraculous
are in my possession,
that the Sentibubbler
will release your loved ones.
If you try anything
to warn Ladybug or Cat Noir,
I'll order the Sentibubbler
to send them into space,
too far for any superhero
to ever save them.
If I were you,
I would do anything I could
to ensure Ladybug
showed up very shortly.
I've got to gain some time.
Phew! Alya's still free.
She'll be able to save us.
You see, you were right
to give her the Miraculous.
Thanks, Tikki.
Ladybug! Please come save us!
What's she doing?
Ugh! I'll have to transform
in front of everyone,
and use the Rabbit Miraculous
to go back in time.
No! Time travel
is never a good idea.
But if I don't transform,
I won't have access to anything.
Oh! Except mine!
You could take it
to another holder!
The earrings can't go
through the bubble, Marinette!
Then Cat Noir is our last hope.
No villain in sight.
Watch out, Milady!
I think someone's trying to
play Cat and Ladybug with us!
I'm waiting for you!
Yoohoo! Ladybug!
Get ready, Trixx.
We have to free Marinette,
or we're all serious goners!
Hey,
I have to go to the bathroom.
- Not now.
Seriously, it cannot wait.
Must be the stress.
Plus it sure will look weird
if Ladybug finds me like this!
Just remember
that if you try anything...
I'll send those bubbles
right into space!
I can't try anything
without a Miraculous.
I just need to go to the...
Aaah!
Trixx, let's pounce!
- Mirage!
- Sentibubbler,
- what is she doing?
- I can't see.
(Chuckles)
You've got 30 seconds.
One... two... three...
Reality!
...five...
Let's rest.
Oh!
- You got a plan?
- Uh-huh.
Shadow Moth doesn't know
I have my Miraculous.
I'll use it to make him believe
everything is going to plan.
You'll create
an illusion of Ladybug?
Yep, but I must ensure Cat Noir
doesn't mess up my plan.
Trixx, let's pounce!
Hmm? Rena? Are you with Ladybug?
Yes. She asked me to call you
and say we've got a plan.
- Perfect. What should I do?
- It's a two-person plan.
What do you mean?
You mean "she and you"?
- What about me?
- Well, that's just it.
In this plan,
you have to stay where you are
- and wait for instructions!
- Hmm.
I need to hear it from her.
Put her on the phone, please?
Well, I... I can't.
She's super busy right now
and... if you happen
to see the Bubbler,
whatever you do,
don't cataclysm him.
- It's a Sentimonster!
- What?
I gotta go! I mean,
"we" will keep you posted!
Mirage!
"A two-person plan"? There's
only one "two-person plan"
and that's Ladybug and me!
The Miraculous Ladybug
will fix everything as usual!
Hmm?
Where's Rena Rouge?
"Stay where I am." I can't
just sit here and do nothing!
Rena Rouge has gone into action!
I knew Alya could handle it!
- Oh! Cat Noir! No!
- What's wrong?
If Cat Noir comes into contact
with Rena Rouge's illusion,
it'll disappear!
I've got to warn Cat Noir,
or Shadow Moth
will figure out Alya's plan!
(Straining)
There she is... Hurry up!
Ladybug's coming!
Hurry up! Ladybug's coming!
See? I didn't make trouble!
Don't forget what'll happen
if you don't stick to the plan.
I hear you loud and clear.
Wait until Ladybug
has given the Miraculous
to Rena Rouge
before you capture her.
Cat Noir! Cat Noir!
- Marinette Dupain-Cheng?
- You must stay where you are!
Oh, come on!
What is with everyone
telling me to stay where I am?
Rena Rouge created an illusion
to fool the Bubbler
who's a Sentimonster.
If you go there,
you might
screw up the whole plan.
And you know this... how?
Uh... well, it's 'cause...
I've had a really good view
since the beginning.
You might even say
I have front-row seats here!
(Sighs)
What's going on? The Bubbler
captured my family, my friends.
- What's going on?
- He captured my family,
- my friends.
- Hmm. But not you?
I don't know. He was
already gone when I got here.
That's strange.
It'd have made more sense
- to force you to betray me.
- I'd never betray you.
Shadow Moth attacked them
because he found out
you're a superhero.
I won't be able to give you
the Miraculous of the Fox again.
- Huh?
- No. This isn't the plan!
- Shall I capture Ladybug?
- Wait, just a moment...
I was proud to fight
by your side, Ladybug.
- Don't worry...
- I'll find another holder
and give 'em a different,
but very powerful, Miraculous.
- We'll save your loved ones.
- Thank you, Ladybug.
I'm looking forward
to getting my hands
on this new and "very powerful"
Miraculous as well.
Let's follow her!
If it touches the illusion,
it'll disappear. I'll stop him!
Great idea!
Don't worry, the real Ladybug
and I will save you!
We already are, Kittycat!
We already are!
So now you're
a superhero stalker, bubbler?
No, that alley cat
is going to ruin my plan!
Ladybug cannot escape me,
not today!
- Shadow Moth?
- The real one?
Reality!
No!
You can't hide for long,
Ladybug.
Let's rest.
All is not lost yet.
Cat Noir, watch out!
Sorry.
You need more than this
to capture this cat!
Cataclysm!
Woohoo!
- (Embarrassed laugh)
- It's over for you, Cat Noir.
Nothing is over. You haven't
defeated Ladybug yet.
Or Rena Rouge!
From this point on,
Rena Rouge can never be seen.
Shadow Moth's must believe
no one's using the Miraculous.
Now that's sly, very sly!
Trixx, let's pounce.
(Buzzing)
Marinette, get ready. It's time
for the real Ladybug to show up!
Mirage!
- What's happening?
- Alya has created the illusion
of a bubble
containing an illusion of me!
It completely overlaps us!
Nobody can see us
from the outside, now!
- It's brilliant!
- Tikki, spots on!
Ladybug
will never fall into your trap!
Shut him up.
No one will silence me,
Shadow Moth.
- (Muffled)
- Now I will have the pleasure
of capturing Ladybug.
Lucky charm!
That cup's the object
that controls the Sentimonster.
Tikki, Kaalki, unify!
Show yourself, Ladybug!
It's over for you and Cat Noir!
If you don't surrender,
I'll send
all these prisoners into space!
Three... two... one...
Too late!
Help! Ladybug!
Hurry up, the bubbles are
rising. Tick tock, Ladybug...
It's now or never for your
awesome two-person plan.
I can't seize
everything at once.
First, the object that controls
the Sentimonster. Voyage!
- Ladybug!
- No.
Pegabug!
Sentibubbler!
Free the prisoners!
At your command.
Aaah!
You're forgetting something,
Pegabug.
I created him!
Sentibubbler,
I release you from existence.
No!
Aaah!
Reality.
No!
Kaalki, dismount.
Gotcha!
Can you hold on
to this for me, please?
Where did Shadow Moth go?
I think he felt the wind
start to change.
This could have been
the end of Shadow Moth.
You know, I really thought
today was the end of Cat Noir.
But you guys
really had it under control.
BOTH: Pound it!
I guess
you'll need a little something.
I'll come back in a minute.
- You rocked, Rena Rouge.
- You see?
When someone trusts me with
a "thing", I don't lose it!
I never should have
second-guessed you.
Let's rest.
Miraculous Ladybug!
Spots off!
I'm not really
afraid of spiders.
You actually had Ladybug say
she'd never give you
the Miraculous of the Fox again?
So, he'll never try to steal it
from you again!
Nightmare over!
- Pretty sly, don't you think?
- Sly as a fox!
You're a true superhero!
You weren't so bad either,
Pegabug.
BOTH: Pound it!
Ladybug never makes a mistake!
Don't give up.
Everyone makes mistakes
and, one day,
she'll make one too.
And when that day comes,
your wish will come true.